hello everyone here in the xxl
commenting and as you have already read in the
title iii you'll know this is the
special 300 subscribers as already
we are seeing very many now
thank you first, tell everyone and
all if there is any
and nothing that I encourage you to stay
I will continue uploading videos as I already
you will know
here you are already watching my channel I feel the
shaking hands but I'm sorry no
I have a lot of pulse
you know what my channel has been made
a new background you will not know anymore
as well
here are the games that I have of play
and from xbox we start and you see the
left modern warfare 3 fifa other
modern warfare 3 that is my brother's
battlefield surely someone will
will ask why I do not raise battlefield and
obviously because I do not like it because I
it seems like a game shit sorry for
the people that you like and because it's my
brother and I do not have the pass online like that
I do not get to play kart tutti 4
modern warfare 2 I will act the one of a
racing 2 that is from my neighbor sergio
the game that silver without paper
shell or anything is the fifa 19 the godfather
star wars that I do not even know why it's there
and now we move to xbox modern warfare2
black ops' and there you will see also
top left and after
black ops of xbox sims games and
expansions is from my girlfriend I do not usually
play yes yes games because I'm with her
so do not take into account
there you see the online steps of xbox and there
you see warfare 3 and I bought myself nothing
second hand for the xbox and many
20 euro cards invested in
map packages of modern warfare and
call of duty sheet etc. of the play
up here to my play 2 there is my
childhood and obviously my left
another childhood and why I still love
this club is clear
up there you can see my xbox with the box
next that puts
i love you
it's a gift from my girlfriend is what there
there's the pc shit with the shit
of speakers
I'm so sorry
it's a crap pc I can not do great
thing and you know that sent the pv ere
fix to get rid of doubts say the
pr to my left computer
here you see my play
there is a skull that good I do not know what
gave away my mother I do not know if she will have any
meaning especially that he wants
dead something I do not know
here because my other speaker you see and
helmets with which he played the play and
no no game to play I'm sorry
just play fifa
ay my celtic play controls
and that of xbox but that I will buy the
scoop as soon as I get money in my
keyboard and mouse
and nothing kids
this has been all I hope that I have
liked this special this setup of my
game area I leave with my channel
kids and nothing tell me what has
similar and until next time
goodbye